the awards and the nominees do not reflect
the community at all This video is an
excerpt from the factory live on
stage irrefutable evidence against
the awards
So get ready because when
the video ends You're going to end up just as
pissed off as I am Right now I'm
a little more bothered by the lack of
balls that some of my fellow
gossipmongers have because between Cel and Uncle Sur they don't
add up to a crooked one the only channel apart from
me that is in the gossipmonger and has
balls I've had my problems with
him we may disagree on some
things but the only one who has a pair of
balls and doesn't go around sucking up is the
schnautter this event is Gregorio's
nothing official by and for the community let them
sell you whatever you want but cool shell
if you have the views you have the
audience you have and the money you
earn why the [ __ ] do you need to suck up
balls because it makes you excited like
rat children that they put you on the poster
for the Guay events for that to
feel like Main Stream favorites famous
the biggest disappointment I've had in
recent weeks  more than with the Guay
because we Guay already know what they are about, we have
all been saying it for years, both
the rewind that I have demonstrated I don't know
how many times and what he has done to him, they
are not official
invented awards, they have simply been
communities on reddit and that's it, they are
invented awards, so we should not
give it that toxicity, that
importance that many people give it, I mean,
as you can see, it has no point
because the communities are going to vote for their
favorites and the streamers for their friends,
that's how it is, things are not
really awarded based on who the
owner of the event likes in this
case Greg or I can like you better or worse
because I have put your
favorite youtuber and it burns but what
Greg has done with the slam is called fraud and I
call it fraud because I do not call it a scam
because I believe that there is no
economic damage, I do not know if it could be called a
scam but that he has taken me away from me who
was nominated to put in
a racist who had a couple of
weeks ago saying that
Latin Americans were literal monkeys or
the values ​​​​of these people are
not these people  they care about quality
consistency work they are not valuing that
they want to create a Lobby in which
you have to suck their balls it is not about
not sucking their balls but about not
putting it sigrefg makes a crap with the
ipods and they do not reach the people do not make a
video sigrefg last year made another
fraud The thing is that they are all
lukewarm and [ __ ] but
last year several top creators came to me
When I say top I mean the
word really top to tell me that if they
have balls let them say it
as long as they do not question me it
seems perfect to me that they had found out
that Greg and Alex molón were
behind planning to do the rewind on
Greg's Channel so that Greg would break his
record of viewers in twist which
could be very good because if
he is paying for it it would be very good the problem
is that he was deceiving the rest of the
youtubers who were collaborating for free
believing the [ __ ] [ __ ] nonsense
that let's see if you get it out of your
heads that they are for the community  the
community is going to decide more than ever and
the community is you XD
the eslam awards are not from the community and the
nominees do not reflect the community at all
but what bothers me is that they
took me for a ride because it is not the
first time he does it and not the first
time he does it grefa friend I am really
angry because I almost
never talk about anything I never get angry on purpose
but they call me an idiot and they
call me an idiot many times and I am not
going to stay quiet because grefg
makes an award for the community but the
least he does is ask the
community, the community of streamers,
like the streamers themselves, but he
talks to the people and then he does
n't make us look bad Because
now I go live complaining about what
Greg did and I look bad, I look
like the one who is angry. I think I
look like the one who is crying, put it on, I
insist whoever wants to sue me, what
Greg did with the links is
fraud, it could screw you up if I was
nominated, I even think that if they had
put another voting system in place  if it hadn't
been this [ __ ] [ __ ] that you guys
put in so that only
your little rats could vote, I'd take it out on the
street if it had been a
voting system by like that each person
could vote once and they couldn't vote
negative, I'd take it out on the street between the
kids and the ladies. The thing is that
they put in a voting system for little
rats that doesn't represent the community
because more than 80% of my audience are
over 40 and 50 and they don't know what
Reading is and they go into revit, they
put in a voting system that not
only could you vote positive but you
could vote negative, which is what
happens is that if someone doesn't like you,
the haters put more effort into it than the fans
and the people who hate Dallas and the people
who hate me and who are
obsessed with me are there
trying to bring it down, down, down. I don't
know who came up with the ready idea
but it's probably one of the worst
ideas I've seen this year it gives it an
aura of little rats, exaggerated,
voting in the ready really  it encourages
people to spam and as a reward to
those Peña who literally have more
rat children pameing it takes away from the seriousness
of the matter you see that and say how lazy
no like if this is nothing more than
rat children pameing being an ass or anything like that I don't
know no no I don't
see a Voting system
that is in accordance with the rest Because
the voting system does not adjust family is that
even with the voting system I am
nominated now I am going to show it to you and they
have taken me to put in a racist I mean the one
that was messed up two days ago two days ago
because in coi they put in three kids
that they had in 2015 and in 2018 tweets the
ibai team and they made like a
petition looking for new streamers but
three have been very controversial especially
one This is the hypocrisy of that little group
and it turns out that they have taken me away who does not
have any turracist or anything like that what
happens is that I put their
truths and they are not interested in the existence of a
channel like mine they are interested in the existence of
a channel  like the lukewarm and like the cell phone and he
has taken me to put in the cloud
now we are going to go over it and I
am telling this because the other
gossip channels are not going to say it the
gossip youtuber maybe will tell it
and the naucher would not surprise me if he
talked about this subject the others without
balls so that it is clear to you if now
in the next phase the
voting system had been normal only
positive I would have taken it between the
lordship and the kids but from the street What
happens is that he knows it And he has taken and has taken
away from me how much controversy let's talk about the
song of the year they want to know what I think I think
Exactly the same as
Sprint thinks most likely despite the fact that
ratio I think it was either the first Or the
second most voted in the ready
however I was aware that most
likely ratio would not take the
song of the year category I am
aware of it the truth and to be
more honest the person who is most
upset that the song of the year is not there is
Spring Why Because most likely
Spring was going to  win but really
has no more value than you that utbh that
Roma Gallardo that infoblogger
exactly What is the fraud Well look
here you have the radio action contrary to
the truth and rectitude that harms
the person against whom it is committed for
me what has been done is a fraud but
come on I am going to show it to you here you
have it you can capture it before they
delete it because this the moment I
start to be a pain in the ass they are going to delete it
one Gerard Romero 2 the uncle Sur three cell
Jordi Wilde does not count because he does not make
live content
4 the Justin 5 illustrated news
turboplane counts because he does not make
content in String 6 size 7 cake 8
Memories of a nautter fish Play does not count
because he does not make content in String 9
Rubén Martín and 10 Javi the canijo Javier
Oliveira but below it is you
have it here you can all enter if you
want but it is more if you go
down look here there are other Javier and it
comes with 16 Javier Oliveira is there more
times with other names for example with
Javier Oliveira  and with telesalseo or
literally even I would be in 8
surely between 7 and 8th place even
with the [ __ ] shitty system and with
all these fans voting me
down even with that I got in Yo they're
going to delete it dude download it
take screenshots and on the
airland hashtag that's trending right now on
Twitter put it everywhere it's a [ __ ]
fraud you know why they kicked me out
because I defend Dallas when I think she's
right and I'm not joining the
mob because I will continue he's a disgusting guy
who farts live and I don't find it
funny I expose it I take out a video
in which Greg was without a mask
hugging everyone at the evening
she tested positive for Coby two or three days ago
No the fraud is even worse the
Island awards are useless the first thing is
that I was inside here and you say
Well the naucher and the turbo plan to nauti
to Turbo plan they have left them out because it is
not supposed to be String content
pay attention to this one here as far as I know the one from
Wild project no  is content in String
Why nautter Play and Turbo plan are left
out because they are not content in
Stream and from Wild project they put it I have not
finished understanding well the rules
of the slam but it is possible that they are not
illuminated because rules and it is like they
have to be programs focused on the
Stream For me it would be a spectacular scandal it
should not be but thegrefg arrived and
made magic
project and I think that effectively it will
be if it is here first
but that does not comply with the Rule hey but it is
that it goes first come when do I
pay your flight curiously just today they have
returned he talks about him for sure what gregory says
now
so calmly with his two balls because
this is a fraud family This is not
official this is thegrefg and of those that
he likes and of what his
dick sucks that you can do with your
event whatever you want but do not
believe that this is from the community or
that they are deserved awards or that the
best Stream of the year is the one that the
links say or that the best podcast is the one that
the Esla say No that is an award that is given
Greg fraudulently they can
bend down and eat my balls in two
times I'm saying it's true and they've
removed me to put a racist
Why Because he's an ally even if he's racist
at the eslam awards let it be very
clear about Greg burned with me because I
make videos of him when he messes things up and because he takes
the car and gets [ __ ] in the
streets of Andorra even with that I'm still
in let's move on to the nominees for
nu What do you want me to tell you that Greg
after what happened two or
three days ago because they threw three guys at me
in coi that had this guy said This
less than a month ago it was Mexico if I
could of
course
Yeah yeah
[Music]
and like this one has a ton of
racist comments
This is the one that Greg put in
to get my gaze off her it's
a poem No it's not that he's racist but I know he
has tons more comments
then we have me The disappointment that I've had
with cel that is not personal I'm
telling you now I don't give a damn about him I do
n't know him in person no  he's my friend
and he will be with the attitude I would like to
know who the hell has paid more than 100
euros and doesn't expect anything in return,
literally, literally, but literally, let's see
if he expected something in return for people
subscribing on YouTube and he subscribed,
but literally, I gave him I think 120
euros, it's worth like Long and I have
this PayPal receipt and now he takes it and says, no, no,
you're not going to get me out, but I
gave the money. For what age is
money, something that you're not going to participate in,
be it 100 as if it were 20 euros, what
intention do you have by giving money separately,
150 euros for us, let's see. If there are already
creators who are putting in 5,000,
10,000, 15,000. Where are you going with 150
euros so that now he spends it on
paying for the hotel for someone who is going to be out for 5
seconds thanks to the 150 euros,
I'm looking forward to seeing what they invested
the 150 euros in, I mean, when we see the
rewin we'll look for their 150 euros with
the  150 euros tell him they will pay for the food
or the snack when you crash already We were
watching here the day that cell debated with
Agustín the intentions he had we already
know what they were from the first
moment it was a romantic date he didn't
suck up all of Agustín's balls and
Agustín lied to his face he handled it
as he wanted and on top of that he called the rest of us
liars okay he got it what he
wanted the numbers are here
what happened It's also public he
had 17,000 visits 25,000 visits
24,000 visits until Greg had a fight
with Willy and cell was mentioned and
promoted by Greg in Greg's live
shows that's not bad at all no It's done You did it because Greg is interested Look if he's here friends I'm recording this video here unexpectedly because grefg just reacted to my video in which Will Rex calls him Rat and I'm recording this
live because I don't have time to
upload it I literally just saw it and I
flipped out and what happened is what you
're seeing here below You're going to
see it we all reacted together because it's
spectacular this is when you search
and context for people who are new
network knows me I used to upload
thegrefg's best moments on my channel I had already
reacted to my channel and after
a time when I changed my name
and my name is celas secas red also
reacted to me live I signed up for a
giveaway he had for a PC from San Miguel and
I don't think he dislikes me maybe
after this video since he hasn't
seen it all Well maybe he'll cross me and I'll
jump on the Channel
because I think that in the past he was a
fanboy but today that with
Agustín he also gets wet So I
think it's feeling famous the
moment you have 30,000 views per
video, well, you are what happens is
you like to appear in the photo with the Guay
with this one with the other one I understand for me that's
it but oh well Hey, nothing happens it
's completely legitimate for you to
grow because they promote you hey to me  I
have been promoted by Dallas on many
occasions, a lot of people have
promoted Antonio David more, it's
okay, you have your way of thinking, you
like some people more than others and that's it. It's
okay, I mean, I'm not
saying there's anything wrong with it. The
problem is that the context is known, the
event is thegrefg, if the event is
Greg's, why is it called Lan and not
grefg's awards to sell it as if it's something
official, like it's something from the community
and then and I really don't follow the yuxe Gerard
Romero Memorias de pez Rubén Martín
because I think they're from
sports. I don't know, I'm not sure
Martín, I think it's from the radio and then uncle
Sur, look, there he sent me a place, something
that really got on my nerves,
okay, him talking with his chat about the
news that he's going to have on his channels,
the main news were few,
weekly gossip with collaborators and
short on the News Channel, I am
flattered that people copy the
things that I do and follow in my footsteps
and that I do one thing and a week later I
have them all doing the same thing.  I'm
flattered by that but I'm not going to lie there comes a
time when my son when all
the [ __ ] things I do you do there comes a
time when it really pisses me off
we made a podcast I think I'll
play wine alas not even a few I
brought this from TV gossip and look already
honestly fake I'm not a guy and guy
Shure there are already several things that I don't like
and I can't be fake The other one is
lukewarm and sucks his balls but maybe it
really pisses me off What if I do
something I do it in two
days it really pisses me off because you can
take things from others yes of course
I can take the idea of ​​a
Cell newscast and do it My way I can
take it
I like the light that this one has in the
Setup and I do it But that you are Javi the
puny already pisses me off man because it's such a
[ __ ] thing that Ivan
the Bot of the kids did to me that
publishes all the videos on Twitter
from all the channels and the next day he
did it on Twitter well it already pisses me off there's a
moment  in which talaga because it
means that people admire you
javisur has been copying you all his
life He's not going to argue with me about this because he
knows this look you're within your
rights I mean I don't have the
copyright to the podcasts nor do I
invent the podcasts nor do I invent
the chores there comes a time when it
touches me and it doesn't sit well with me and it doesn't
make me fake and I stop following it it's that there is
no more dude I mean I can't be
fake Maybe you guys don't
agree I mean I understand that we're all
getting an idea from here
again but [ __ ] everything dude and the idea that I
had with all the good intentions look
you was to bring them they are
people who have been crazy to
collaborate with me
with all the pain in my heart towards
Sprint I'm going to defend Greg Why
Because Guess what Sprint is Who
are the seslan exactly
one day he wakes up and says [ __ ]
the category for the best dance of the
year I'm going to put jagger of the year in again
that category is stupid But oh
well And if Greg  he wants to do it he's going to
do it why Because the
[ __ ] awards are his dude if you like it or don't
like it well welcome to the world daddy it
's more content Enjoy it or go to
hell is what I've been saying since the
beginning of the esland these awards are
Greg's that's what you have to keep
in mind in all this the awards are
grefg's he organizes them and in the end he is
going to want to put in
personal decisions he is going to put them in because they are his
awards even though he sells it as
something for the community and of the community
at the end of the day he is the organizer and
if he wants to take out his dick in the middle of the
Stream he's going to take out his dick in the middle of the
Stream because they are his as simple as that it
seems like a stupid thing to us
obviously but well it's his it's a toy
and he will know what he does with his toy
Well, he was not interested in coming to the podcasts
that Hey completely legal if you don't
want to collaborate here in the podcasts I don't
know what it's worth Why well the reason I am
very clear the public that Sur has
is very contrary the subject of Alan one of
the moderators of Uncle Shure usually me
insult on his Twitter almost daily and he
puts things to me like with that ego r Dallas
you are the mascot of Dallas that no one is
surprised now gives it so heavy to
continue we are going from bad to worse Javi is the
most hypocritical in the subject of criticism
to the seo that there is, it does not surprise me that
Dallas whitewashes something like that in the end
windmichu is right about the review
that these are things that the south has said
about me no because he does not have balls But
this about Dallas are things that the south has said
in his live shows I think I
said this and the other the moment they
see that it works they do it and now I
catch myself I hear uncle Sur saying the
following Listen to this to see if
the phrase sounds familiar to you the fact of doing a
weekly podcast with people who inform you about the
gossip the problem of doing few with
other streamers bar youtubers that each
one does their ball here each one has a
schedule here each one has a way of
doing things I know it sounds very nice to
do a little with Javi doing a little with
stutter with zen with a tbh it sounds beautiful
but it is practically impossible  we
work now similar it is very
complicated it is much it is much more possible to
do it with people that you have that you
trust and such that they are not
professional streamers as such Maybe it is
really with people that already make a living
from this and that this is their job I
know people that know the drill for
example Money knows A lot of gossip is
a person that is habitually with the
whole thing Viri would be a good candidate
and we would also have to look for a
different profile Well if it is biri she is a
super serious girl as a general rule you need
a guy that is crazy and paule Choche
Choche is the one that you I just read
these things really get on my nerves I
can't help it man and maybe it's
silly because I'm too old to
get upset about these things no but there comes a
time when it gets on my nerves Well
you say one thing a specific thing well
come on another well [ __ ] [ __ ] This if it is that
this I mean I don't have the copyright of
things No man but when it's one
thing it's another thing it's another thing
touch the balls that if you don't
agree with me to put what I
maybe I am  warming up and I'm
wrong okay notice one thing
that was very regrettable for me and if it
bothers you I'm sorry It's not about forcing the
role when he starts being Rise and
throwing bits at all the
famous youtubers Damn that El Yaki is his friend and
they got me into London and not him and the
guy started doing excerpts where he was
trying How to put Jackie in the
compromise so that people would
pressure him to get him in and that's how it is I mean like I
could be less harsh
and say it more gently but that's how it is
literally the thing with London was like that they
put me in and not him and he started doing
excerpts like putting him in the
compromise I don't know if he's going to get me in they didn't
want to get me in no don't go
telling him anything here I had already thrown my
resume man when it's Your friend I mean we
saw that he doesn't receive any kind of
invitation okay to London yes let's see
yes I have done what I had to do
which was send like a PDF with an
idea of
the role I would play if I were in
All this has been discussed with Jackie very
relaxed  you know not like I have to
go in you know No, I'm like Hey, I'm
sending you this and maybe and well yes it could be such
and I sent my how to say it My idea And
such But well, I've never role-played either, let's say
Dallas gets to me and
Dallas makes a Minecraft series of
whatever in GTA and I tell him on WhatsApp
that I want to play and Dallas tells me
that I made the resume and I
directly block him from WhatsApp
immediately I ask a friend
Hey lada infoblogger carismas put me in
your series and he tells me that resume I
directly don't [ __ ] talk to him anymore like
what Selin did to him and what
a lot of people have done to me this
scene that they sent me yesterday do you
remember that we were talking after the
thing with Chose's parents that
Shure had uploaded a video then after a
while he deleted it but this thing that You're going to
see with the Spanish
doesn't refer to some bits that they are
sending him bits
to see if we Read
How are you Uncle Sorry with
Joaquin But if I don't play something I don't
see the need for you to make you gossip every day I
don't know, I don't want to use my
fists don't take me out that I'll report you don't
take these videos out that I'll report you and I'll
throw away the channel the south Well I don't know if you
know Who he is is a streamer of let's see
what he says Well and YouTube We're going to do
all of gossip and such And he has I want to
give you a good one for the format that you
brought out the other day I saw a move of yours
that is
what you called it you called it Sur news or
something like that which is a format where you talk
to the camera and such that it is not a format
with a Gameplay or with these things and
I like it it is more professional and there is more
but I am not going to watch more they are things that
I honestly find pathetic and about Sur I can't say
anything else because to
say otherwise would be a rinover which
is my opinion eh apart from that if the
south gets upset or someone gets upset about what I
'm saying I don't give a damn we are not
going to see each other for our [ __ ] life and if we
meet Well we will hang out  hand
nice to meet you and on the other hand
understands me the answer for me is this I'm
going to let it go Who is this legend I go
I am the editor of Alex The capo I
mean it's already [ __ ] it I had not
seen This if it does not fail in the end
man [ __ ] I'm going to let it go that there is a
category called best
informative coverage and that there are [ __ ] Vultures that
are dedicated to talking about gossip
even if it is public it [ __ ] disgusts me
This is the problem they are having a loudspeaker
and awarding Peña who lives well
awarding this is what there is what
fraud has been done in the votes I entered it
has come out gray because they are not interested
they are interested in having these
channels like gossip channels that do not get
involved with it Why Because suddenly
one of them like for example Salva takes
a car with a potato that you [ __ ] that
according to him not much he does not crash it and he
starts to cry and plays the victim and we
only expose him Dallas and I and
nauter eh nauter too but I'm
talking about the contents in String
Greg takes the McLaren and goes through
Andorra to be the  [ __ ] the south is
quiet cell of course quiet and
will not give vision okay here you have the
reason okay look you are giving them loudspeaker
this is told to you by Alex's editor The
capo who is another like them no and here I have
been responds very based of course let's
leave better some sons of [ __ ] who
did barbarities in the past pass
without shame or Glory total the bad ones are
the gossip channels not the sons of
[ __ ] who are pretty from the front and from
behind are disgusting pieces of [ __ ] here it
has It is bad that I have been saying for years neither the
riguan is from the community nor the lang
of the community nor dicks in minare I
mean they are not interested in there being
gossip channels in fact notice that the other day
he clashes with the parents he was
throwing away all the videos there were and
asked the chur to remove it and the chur
removed it here is the account This one that was
created by copying my kids clash
this no
and he has deleted it he has put it in private
that is what interests them And these are things
that they generally sow streamer  that they
have a lot of [ __ ] in the end what they are going to
do is accept as
gossip content youtubers who have it
controlled it
is about
truth it is not in that field
obviously neither is the capo nor black
they have a fanpage of young children like
Juan Garnizo like Mariano like
Sprint that we have everything clear What
happens now the streamer of the year is the one with the
most children in his live streams he is the one with the
most young people in his live streams that
is the streamer of the year I ask
Who is the streamer
because I do not know anyone 30 years old
or 35 years old who watches Sprint that this is
not bad at all but really
This is the This is the Take [ __ ] I really like him
dude I think he is a very good
streamer and he has to be on that list
but he is not black he is not such it is the field
I am not there who am the fifth in the world
that I am above All
styles Latin America
[Music]